# User Guide

## Introduction

**ModTrack** is a Command Line Interface (CLI) application designed to help university students track their modules and monitor their progress towards graduation.

It allows users to:
- Add and manage modules
- Mark modules as completed
- View all modules at a glance
- Track graduation requirements

ModTrack is optimized for users who prefer typing commands over using a graphical interface.

---

## Quick Start

1. Ensure that you have **Java 17 or above** installed on your computer.
2. Download the latest version of `tp.jar`.
3. Place the file in a folder of your choice.
4. Open a terminal in that folder.
5. Run the application:
```
java -jar tp.jar
```
6.  Type commands and press Enter to execute them.

## Features 

1. Adding a module: 
add Format: add n/MODULE_NAME y/YEAR s/SEMESTER
Example: 
```
add n/CS2113 y/Y2 s/S1
```

2. Deleting a module: 
delete Format: delete n/MODULE_NAME 
Example: 
```
delete n/CS2113
```

3. Listing all modules: 
list Format: 
Example:
```
list
```

4. Marking a module as completed: 
mark Format: mark n/MODULE_NAME 
Example:
```
mark n/CS2113
```

5. Unmarking a module:
unmark Format: unmark n/MODULE_NAME 
Example: 
```
unmark n/CS2113
```

6. Viewing graduation requirements: 
Format: show grad req
Example:
```
show grad req
```

7. Exiting the application:
Format: exit
Example:
```
exit
```
Any data stored in the list will be stored in a separate text file automatically as part of data persistence

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another computer?

**A**: Copy the data file generated by the application to the new computer and place it in the same directory as tp.jar.

## Command Summary

- Add: add n/NAME y/YEAR s/SEMESTER 
- Delete: delete n/NAME 
- List: list 
- Mark: mark n/NAME 
- Unmark: unmark n/NAME 
- Show Graduation Requirement: show grad req
- Exit program: exit
